docs-style-guide.md, before:

# About this guide 👋

Welcome to our style guide! We created this guide for the contributors to ensure that the content in our repository is communicated effectively and inclusively. This guide is divided into four sections:

- 🌎 [Inclusive Language](inclusive-language)
- 📝 [Grammar & Punctuation](grammar-and-punctuation)
- 🤔 [Clarity](clarity)
- ♿ [Accessibility](accessibility)

## Inclusive Language 🌎
          
              Use gender-neutral terms as much as possible

              - ❌ **Not this:** A maintainer should try to be kind yet constructive in **his** feedback.
  - ✅ **Use this:** A maintainer should try to be kind yet constructive in **their** feedback.

Avoid using terms that may have offensive undertones.
  - ❌ **Not this:** Contributors should push their pull requests to the **master** branch.
  - ✅ **Use this:** Contributors should push their pull requests to the **main** branch.

## Grammar & Punctation 📝

### Commas

- Use commas when describing lists.
  - ❌ **Not this:** Use the guideline in the Contributing Section below to fork, clone, edit and push to your new branch in order to contribute!
  - ✅ **Use this:**Use the guideline in the Contributing Section below to **fork, clone, edit,** and push to your new branch in order to contribute!

- Use commas in introductory elements.
  - ❌ **Not this:** **If you do not have one yet** you can create one for free with an email address and password.
  - ✅ **Use this:** **If you do not have one yet,** you can create one for free with an email address and password.

- Use commas before the seven coordinating conjunctions (and, but, so, for, nor, yet, or) to separate two independent clauses.
  - ❌ **Not this:**This is an effort to not only provide solutions to Data Structures and Algorithms problems but to take each one a step or two further by including easy-to-follow, broken-down explanations of each step.
  - ✅ **Use this:**This as an effort to not only provide solutions to Data Structures and Algorithms problems**,** but to take each one a step or two further by including easy-to-follow, broken-down explanations of each step.


### Capitalization

- Only capitalize terms that describe a product, its feature, the first letter of a sentence, or a person’s name.
  - ❌ **Not this:** An example of python tutor doing what it does best:
  - ✅ **Use this:** An example of **Python Tutor** doing what it does bes.

## Clarity 🤔

### Abbreviation
Do not assume that everyone understands abbreviations, always spell out the full term.

- ❌ **Not this:** This repo is **maintained** by a team of people.
- ✅ **Use this:** A team of people **maintains** this repository.


## Accessibility ♿

#### Images

Use Alternative Text to describe images (Alt Text).

#### Emojis

1. Avoid using emojis as bullet points or numbered lists.

For example:

**Not this:**

> - 1️⃣ Fork the repo
> - 2️⃣ Visit the LinkFree repo

  - ❌ **Not this:** Join the conversation on our Discord community! 😀 😄 🎉
  - ✅ **Use this:** Join the conversation on our Discord community! 😀

### Headings

- Use descriptive titles for headings.
  - ❌ **Not this:** `<h1> Yoga</h1>`
- ✅ **Use this:** `<h1>Yoga for Developers</h1>`

- Place headings in sequential order.
- ❌ **Not this:** `<h1>Yoga for Developers</h1>`
  `<h3>What is Yoga?</h3>`
  `<h2>The History of Yoga</h2>`
  - ✅ **Use this:**  `<h1>Yoga for Developers</h1>`
  `<h2>What is Yoga?</h2>`
  `<h3>The History of Yoga</h3>`

Commit message:

feat: revise table of contents. Added three bullet points so far

docs-style-guide.md, after:

# Welcome to our style guide! 👋
Check out the table of contents below to learn how to contribute to CD's docs:
- [Purpose of this style]
- [Target Audience]
- [Documentation Principles]
- 🌎 [Inclusive Language](inclusive-language)
- 📝 [Grammar & Punctuation](grammar-and-punctuation)
- 🤔 [Clarity](clarity)
- ♿ [Accessibility](accessibility)

## Inclusive Language 🌎
          
              Use gender-neutral terms as much as possible

              - ❌ **Not this:** A maintainer should try to be kind yet constructive in **his** feedback.
  - ✅ **Use this:** A maintainer should try to be kind yet constructive in **their** feedback.

Avoid using terms that may have offensive undertones.
  - ❌ **Not this:** Contributors should push their pull requests to the **master** branch.
  - ✅ **Use this:** Contributors should push their pull requests to the **main** branch.

## Grammar & Punctation 📝

### Commas

- Use commas when describing lists.
  - ❌ **Not this:** Use the guideline in the Contributing Section below to fork, clone, edit and push to your new branch in order to contribute!
  - ✅ **Use this:**Use the guideline in the Contributing Section below to **fork, clone, edit,** and push to your new branch in order to contribute!

- Use commas in introductory elements.
  - ❌ **Not this:** **If you do not have one yet** you can create one for free with an email address and password.
  - ✅ **Use this:** **If you do not have one yet,** you can create one for free with an email address and password.

- Use commas before the seven coordinating conjunctions (and, but, so, for, nor, yet, or) to separate two independent clauses.
  - ❌ **Not this:**This is an effort to not only provide solutions to Data Structures and Algorithms problems but to take each one a step or two further by including easy-to-follow, broken-down explanations of each step.
  - ✅ **Use this:**This as an effort to not only provide solutions to Data Structures and Algorithms problems**,** but to take each one a step or two further by including easy-to-follow, broken-down explanations of each step.


### Capitalization

- Only capitalize terms that describe a product, its feature, the first letter of a sentence, or a person’s name.
  - ❌ **Not this:** An example of python tutor doing what it does best:
  - ✅ **Use this:** An example of **Python Tutor** doing what it does bes.

## Clarity 🤔

### Abbreviation
Do not assume that everyone understands abbreviations, always spell out the full term.

- ❌ **Not this:** This repo is **maintained** by a team of people.
- ✅ **Use this:** A team of people **maintains** this repository.


## Accessibility ♿

#### Images

Use Alternative Text to describe images (Alt Text).

#### Emojis

1. Avoid using emojis as bullet points or numbered lists.

For example:

**Not this:**

> - 1️⃣ Fork the repo
> - 2️⃣ Visit the LinkFree repo

  - ❌ **Not this:** Join the conversation on our Discord community! 😀 😄 🎉
  - ✅ **Use this:** Join the conversation on our Discord community! 😀

### Headings

- Use descriptive titles for headings.
  - ❌ **Not this:** `<h1> Yoga</h1>`
- ✅ **Use this:** `<h1>Yoga for Developers</h1>`

- Place headings in sequential order.
- ❌ **Not this:** `<h1>Yoga for Developers</h1>`
  `<h3>What is Yoga?</h3>`
  `<h2>The History of Yoga</h2>`
  - ✅ **Use this:**  `<h1>Yoga for Developers</h1>`
  `<h2>What is Yoga?</h2>`
  `<h3>The History of Yoga</h3>`
